Oops, what's wrong?
It's been three days. Are we really not going to see it?
Yellowstone? It's not completely restored.
In case it restores.
Let's just do it.
It’s not like I haven’t told you every year.
If you strike first, I can grab you.
Thank you. You are really an aunt.
Handmade.
I know you have been suffering outside for three years.
I feel bad.
Eat. Otherwise, you will lose your appetite.
Eat what you don’t like.
But Auntie Guo also has good intentions.
Besides, you're sick. Something.
Then I didn’t learn much from you. elder sister
You have no appetite
I still dislike my mother’s porridge.
Where have I been these two days?
It's really a waste of her time, you hear me?
Come and see
Her brain pumps blood
She will make a full recovery soon